In this video, I will show you the Giatec SurfTM instrument.
Method for measuring the surface resistance of concrete
SurfTM has two parts: the test device and the measuring device
SurfTM can be used for standard testing as specified by ASTM and AASHTO
Can also be used to customize four-point resistance measurement
First of all, please make sure the line connection is correct.
Now press and hold the Power button to turn on the instrument.
The sample size is a cylinder with a diameter of 100mm or 4in
Height is 200mm or 8in
The sample can be cast concrete or drilled concrete core
When preparing the measurement, take the sample out of the curing container
Remove surface moisture and keep the saturated surface dry
Place the sample in the test device like this
No need to squeeze the sample hard, then close the lid
In the main menu, you can choose different measurement methods
If you need to customize the measurement, you can choose Custom Mode in the main menu.
Now, the measurement can begin.
Simply press the "Start" button to test
The measuring device will collect two sets of data from four sets of electrodes
A total of eight groups of average resistivity will be displayed on the LCD screen
Please see the SurfTM User Manual for details.
It is worth mentioning that the data is available USB interface
Import Giatec SurfTM CNC PC software
Software provides full control of the measuring device
Software can also generate reports that conform to ASTM and AASHTO standards.
Thank you for watching